IAWG: First pass at publish_lookup chapter (#398)
pmix/pmix-standard: Chap_API_Struct.tex

\declareapi{pmix_lookup_cbfunc_t}

%%%%
\summary

The \refapi{pmix_lookup_cbfunc_t} is used by \refapi{PMIx_Lookup_nb} to return data.

\copySignature{pmix_lookup_cbfunc_t}{1.0}{
typedef void (*pmix_lookup_cbfunc_t) \\
\hspace*{4\sigspace}(pmix_status_t status, \\
\hspace*{5\sigspace}pmix_pdata_t data[], size_t ndata, \\
\hspace*{5\sigspace}void *cbdata);
}

\begin{arglist}
\argin{status}{Status associated with the operation (handle)}
\argin{data}{Array of data returned (\refstruct{pmix_pdata_t})}
\argin{ndata}{Number of elements in the \argref{data} array (\code{size_t})}
\argin{cbdata}{Callback data passed to original API call (memory reference)}
\end{arglist}

%%%%
\descr

A callback function for calls to \refapi{PMIx_Lookup_nb}.
The function will be called upon completion of the \refapi{PMIx_Lookup_nb} \ac{API} with the \refarg{status} indicating the success or failure of the request.
Any retrieved data will be returned in an array of \refstruct{pmix_pdata_t} structs.
The namespace and rank of the process that provided each data element is also returned.

Note that the \refstruct{pmix_pdata_t} structures will be released upon return from the callback

> function, so the receiver must copy/protect the data prior to returning if it needs to be retain ed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
function, so the receiver must copy/protect the data prior to returning if it needs to be retained.
```
